README.md, before:

# poctl

## Overview

Command Line Interface (CLI) designed specifically for managing Prometheus Operator resources. It streamlines the processes of deploying, troubleshooting, and validating your monitoring infrastructure within Kubernetes environments.

By providing an intuitive interface, poctl allows users to efficiently manage key resources like Prometheus instances, Alertmanager configurations, and ServiceMonitors. It simplifies complex tasks, reduces manual configuration errors, and offers built-in tools for validation and troubleshooting, helping you maintain a healthy and scalable monitoring setup.

## Installation

```bash
go install github.com/prometheus-operator/poctl
```

## Project Status

This project is currently in active development and fully experimental, so expect breaking changes and rough edges. We encourage you to try it out and provide feedback.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

[DOCS] adding documentation link to readme
Signed-off-by: Nicolas Takashi <nicolas.tcs@hotmail.com>

README.md, after:

# poctl

## Overview

Command Line Interface (CLI) designed specifically for managing Prometheus Operator resources. It streamlines the processes of deploying, troubleshooting, and validating your monitoring infrastructure within Kubernetes environments.

By providing an intuitive interface, poctl allows users to efficiently manage key resources like Prometheus instances, Alertmanager configurations, and ServiceMonitors. It simplifies complex tasks, reduces manual configuration errors, and offers built-in tools for validation and troubleshooting, helping you maintain a healthy and scalable monitoring setup.

## Installation

```bash
go install github.com/prometheus-operator/poctl
```

## Project Status

This project is currently in active development and fully experimental, so expect breaking changes and rough edges. We encourage you to try it out and provide feedback.

## Documentation

For detailed information on available commands and their usage, refer to the [Commands](Documentation/commands) documentation.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
